Aviva Retta birth date 10.12.1990
27 Colmore Row
Birmingham, England B3 2EW
Cell: 07956 654 32
E-Mail: example-email@example.com
Summary
Energetic, motivated Personal Assistant who is highly organised and skilled at balancing the needs of clients in both personal and professional capacities. Strong work ethic and positive attitude. Highly effective in fast-paced work environments. Accurate, assertive, and adaptable. Accustomed to working with busy business professionals both in an office setting and from home. Experience with wide range of clients including estate agents, authors, company presidents, and doctors.
Highlights
Fluent in French
iPhone and Android savvy
Business writing
Conference planning
Marketing and promotions
Screens calls properly
Self-starter
Resourceful
Accurate and detailed
Critical thinker
Experience
November 2008 to Current
VAssist Birmingham, England
Virtual Assistant
Handle incoming and outgoing correspondence, including post, email, and faxes.
Screen telephone calls and inquiries and directed them as appropriate.
Coordinate overnight travel arrangements and accommodations.
Organise personal and professional calendars and supplied reminders of upcoming meetings and events.
Create expense reports using Microsoft Excel spreadsheets.
Type documents, updated websites, and compiled information for meetings.
January 2006 to August 2008
Bella Moore, Author Birmingham, England
Personal Assistant
Coordinated busy calendar of book signings, author appearances, and interviews.
Maintained household inventory and appointment schedules.
Checked post, shopped for groceries, and handled banknote payments.
Researched and collected options for the best pricing on hotels, flights, and home furnishings.
Created presentations using Microsoft PowerPoint.
Conducted extensive on-line and phone research.
September 2002 to December 2005
Jack Moore, Estate Agent Birmingham, England
Personal Assistant
Organised and prepared residential properties prior to high net worth clients’ arrival.
Ran errands, including grocery shopping and picking up dry cleaning.
Attended business meetings and took meeting minutes.
Organised work projects around client’s house.
Professional Training
2002 Rainer Community College Birmingham, England
Administrative Assistant Programme
Coursework in Office Accounting, Computer Applications, Spreadsheets, Business Communications, Composition,
Keyboarding, Office Techniques, Strategies for Success, Career Skills, Word Processing, Information Processing